College Matchmaking Privacy Policy

If you have questions about the privacy policy, please contact the makers of College Matchmaking at collegematchmaking@gmail.com.

College Matchmaking is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of confidential information to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law. Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information, or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize access, personal information is not actively shared. In particular, we do not re-distribute or sell personal information collected on our web servers.

If you wish to use the College Matchmaking tool in the spreadsheet format, there is a form linked on the College Matchmaking website to a form that asks for personal information, which after you fill it out will give you a copy of the spreadsheet. This personal information is used only internally and to contact users.

Information collected:
College Matchmaking uses Google Analytics for Firebase to track accounts and users. Personal information is not tracked and information is not not associated with individual user identities. Google Analytics uses cookies and collects the following information:
- Date and Time
- Session duration
- Operating system
- Device model
- Geographical location (country)
- First launch
For information on how to opt out of this, please visit this page (https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites).


Use of collected information:
College Matchmaking will only use personal information collected from this site for the purpose of communication back to individuals who contact us via the site.
College Matchmaking uses anonymous-browser history to report information about site accesses and for analytical purposes. This information is used to improve presentation and utilization.

Distribution of collected information:
College Matchmaking will not disclose, without your consent, personal information collected about you, except for certain explicit circumstances in which disclosure is required by law. College Matchmaking will not distribute or sell personal information to third-party organizations.

Privacy Statement Revisions:
This Privacy Statement was last revised on May 20, 2021. We may change this Privacy Statement at any time and for any reason. We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement each time you visit the web site.
If we make a significant change to our Privacy Statement, we will send an email to affected users after the change is made.

Responsibility for External Sites:
This website may contain links to other web sites. Some of those web sites may be operated by third parties. We provide the links for your convenience, but we do not review, control, or monitor the privacy practices of web sites operated by others. We are not responsible for the performance of web sites operated by third parties or for your business dealings with them. Therefore, whenever you leave this web site we recommend that you review each web site's privacy practices and make your own conclusions regarding the adequacy of these practices.